Dataset Card
============

Public file status: data/tcm_benchmark.csv is not included in this public
repository.
Authorized local file: data/tcm_benchmark.csv.
Rows after authorized local generation: 75,315 before any user-side filtering.
Tasks: TCM diagnosis, syndrome, treatment principle, and herb recommendation.
Inputs used by the model: medical-record summary, age, sex, initial diagnosis,
and indexed medical-text lexicon tokens.
Fixed split: train/valid/test = 6:1:1, implemented as 56,486 / 9,414 /
9,415 rows for this 75,315-row release.
Index tables: data/index_data contains romanized public mappings for initial
diagnosis, TCM diagnosis, syndrome, treatment principle, herb, and medical-text
lexicon IDs. Each index table uses id, name, and count.

Data Access Policy
------------------
The public repository releases code, rules, index tables, configuration, and
data preparation scripts. Patient-level clinical records are not redistributed
in the public repository.

Authorized users may generate data/tcm_benchmark.csv locally with:

python prepare_release_data.py

The generated file is ignored by Git. It must not be committed to a public
repository unless the data holder has confirmed that ethics approval and
institutional authorization cover public data sharing.

Ethics and Governance
---------------------
The authors retain a project-application-stage ethics review opinion for a
study on deep learning based TCM herbal recommendation from clinical TCM
electronic medical records. The scanned ethics document is not redistributed in
this repository because it contains institutional stamps, signatures, and
project metadata.

This public release does not treat the project-application-stage ethics opinion
as sufficient standalone authorization for redistributing patient-level
clinical text. Any release of the complete clinical table requires additional
confirmation that the ethics approval and institutional data-sharing terms
cover the intended sharing scenario.

De-identification Performed For This Release
--------------------------------------------
- Removed original prescription number.
- Removed patient name.
- Removed redundant raw free-text columns: chief complaint, brief history, and
  physical examination. The model-facing medical-record summary is kept.
- Added a non-identifying sequential case_id.
- Added a fixed split column reproducing seed-42 6:1:1 splitting.
- Replaced exact row-level occurrences of the removed name and prescription
  number in free-text columns when present.

Limitations
-----------
Automated de-identification cannot prove that all identifying information has
been removed from free clinical text. Users must not attempt patient
re-identification and must not use the data for clinical diagnosis, treatment
decisions, or any unauthorized purpose.
